ah
Hello, how am I similar this time?
I bring what I like to call mini
tutorials that are small functions
useful of our device the
following tutorials are not compatible
with the version of samsung galaxy ace
s5830 let's start number 1 take captures
The method is very simple
for this we will use the home button and
the power button
now to make the capture we press
the home button and immediately
we press the power button we will listen
this sound which tells us that it has
captured
here another example
again to make the capture
we press the home button and
we immediately press power
you can find the catches in the
multimedia gallery
who believe capture
inside you will find all the captures
what do you do
number 2 reset factory data is
a process by which we will perform
a general erasure and a restoration to
the factory settings of the device
that means we will lose all
the installed applications for it
we must access the recovery mode we leave
pressed volume +
power
and home
without letting go, we hope that you enter
recovery mode
already within the recovery we select
güipe data factor and reset we move
with more volume and less volume
we press home
then we select yes
and ready will come data uip complete as
confirmation that the data is
they restored
now we select rebot system nou
our device will restart
When we turn on, we'll see what the
welcome
and now we have our device
restored to factory values ​​but
you will not recover the applications
eliminated from the factory nor will you stop being
root user
as I always hope has helped you
follow us on facebook and do not forget
subscribe we wait for all the
Wednesday with a new tutorial we
we see